Fix node timers (#619)
opennextjs/opennextjs-cloudflare: .changeset/famous-weeks-deliver.md

---
"@opennextjs/cloudflare": patch
---

> global `setTimeout`, `setInterval` and `setImmediate` now use the one from node

Reviewer: nit: becsause of clear...
```suggestion
global timer functions now use the one from node:timers
```
